!define template_recordType {sequence}
!define template_description { Some sequence description in swedish }


!define template_groupUpdate {sequenceGroup}
!define template_definitionUpdate {!-sequence (group)
	recordInfo (group, 1-1, noConstraint)
		id (textVariable, 1-1, noConstraint, I)
		type (recordLink, 1-1, noConstraint)
		validationType {sequence} (recordLink, 1-1, noConstraint)
		dataDivider (recordLink, 1-1, noConstraint, P, I)
		createdBy (recordLink, 1-1, noConstraint)
		tsCreated (textVariable, 1-1, noConstraint)
		updated (group, 1-X, noConstraint)
			updatedBy (recordLink, 1-1, noConstraint)
			tsUpdated (textVariable, 1-1, noConstraint)
	currentNumber (numberVariable, 1-1, noConstraint)-!}

ROLLER
!define template_systemAdmin_userAuthToken {$systemAdminAuthToken}
!define template_systemAdmin_expectedPermissionResult {Action update is missing. Action delete is missing. Action index is missing. Action search is missing.}

!define template_domainAdmin_userAuthToken {$domainAdminUUAuthToken}
!define template_domainAdmin_expectedPermissionResult {Action update is missing. Action delete is missing. Action index is missing. Action create is missing. Action validate is missing. Action list is missing. Action search is missing. Action batch_index is missing.}

!define template_guest_userAuthToken {$guestToken}
!define template_guest_expectedPermissionResult {Action update is missing. Action delete is missing. Action index is missing. Action create is missing. Action validate is missing. Action list is missing. Action search is missing. Action batch_index is missing.}